[excel] (Range) Conceptual docs for group and ungroup (#1310)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-ranges-advanced.md

![Data in Excel after range’s remove duplicates method has been run](../images/excel-ranges-remove-duplicates-after.png)

## Group data for an outline

> [!NOTE]
> The outline APIs for grouping rows and columns are currently available only in public preview. [!INCLUDE [Information about using preview APIs](../includes/using-excel-preview-apis.md)]

Rows or columns of a range can be grouped together to create an [outline](https://support.office.com/article/Outline-group-data-in-a-worksheet-08CE98C4-0063-4D42-8AC7-8278C49E9AFF). These groups can be collapsed and expanded to hide and show the corresponding cells. This makes quick analysis of top-line data easier. Use [Range.group](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#group-groupoption-) to make these outline groups.

> An outline has a hierarchy. Smaller groups nest under larger groups. This allows the outline to be viewed at different levels. Changing the visible outline level can be done programmatically through the [Range.showOutlineLevels](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#showOutlineLevels-rowLevels--columnLevels-) method. Note that Excel only supports eight levels of outline groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An outline can have a hierarchy, where smaller groups are nested under larger groups. This allows the outline to be viewed at different levels. Changing the visible outline level can be done programmatically through the [Range.showOutlineLevels](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#showOutlineLevels-rowLevels--columnLevels-) method. Note that Excel only supports eight levels of outline groups.
```

> An outline has a hierarchy. Smaller groups nest under larger groups. This allows the outline to be viewed at different levels. Changing the visible outline level can be done programmatically through the [Range.showOutlineLevels](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#showOutlineLevels-rowLevels--columnLevels-) method. Note that Excel only supports eight levels of outline groups.

Reviewer: The target of the link `[Range.showOutlineLevels](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#showOutlineLevels-rowLevels--columnLevels-)` doesn't seem to exist yet -- assuming it just hasn't made its way into the ref docs yet, but will soon?

Reviewer: No worries! I knew you were probably accounting for this already :)

    // Group the larger, main level. Note that the outline controls
    // will be on row 10, meaning 4-9 will collapse and expand.
    sheet.getRange("4:9").group(Excel.GroupOption.byRows);

    // Group the smaller, sublevels. Note that the outline controls
    // will be on rows 6 and 9, meaning 4-5 and 7-8 will collapse and expand.
    sheet.getRange("4:5").group(Excel.GroupOption.byRows);
    sheet.getRange("7:8").group(Excel.GroupOption.byRows);

    // Group the larger, main level. Note that the outline controls
    // will be on column R, meaning C-Q will collapse and expand.
    sheet.getRange("C:Q").group(Excel.GroupOption.byColumns);

    // Group the smaller, sublevels. Note that the outline controls
    // will be on columns G, L, and R, meaning C-F, H-K, and M-P will collapse and expand.
    sheet.getRange("C:F").group(Excel.GroupOption.byColumns);
    sheet.getRange("H:K").group(Excel.GroupOption.byColumns);
    sheet.getRange("M:P").group(Excel.GroupOption.byColumns);
    return context.sync();
}).catch(errorHandlerFunction);

```

![A range with a two-level, two-dimension outline](../images/excel-outline.png)

> To ungroup a row or column group, use the [Range.upgroup](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#ungroup-groupoption-) method. This removes the outer-most level from the outline. If multiple groups of the same row or column type are at the same level within the specified range, all those groups are ungrouped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ungroup a row or column group, use the [Range.upgroup](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#ungroup-groupoption-) method. This removes the outermost level from the outline. If multiple groups of the same row or column type are at the same level within the specified range, all of those groups are ungrouped.
```
